Docs -- lead space v2 (#1698)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/leadspace.mdx

tools. Its primary purpose is to orient the user and quickly inform them of the page content.

There are five variants split into two types, each designed for specific situations. Four size variants are available for left-aligned lead spaces, and a fifth variant exists for center-aligned lead spaces. See the table below.

<Row>

<Column colMd={4} colLg={8}>

![Lead space anatomy with an option for wayfinding heading subheading button group and background media](../../images/component/lead-space/lead-space-overview.png)

<Caption>Lead space anatomy</Caption>

</Column>

</Row>

1. **Wayfinding:** Optional elements that provide additional hierarchical context to the page.
2. **Heading:** Heading has the highest information hierarchy on a lead space, and should be succinct and descriptive.
3. **Subheading:** Optional copy can be added for additional description.
4. **Button group:** A group of CTAs that provides options for users to continue their journey.
5. **Background media:** Optional background that adds an image or video for visual interest.

### Deciding what to use

> | Variants              | Use cases                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Author: Added this in, I think it'll definitely help!

| --------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Super](#super)       | The most prominent variant. Used mainly for home pages, landing pages, and more expressive marketing experiences. _Available for left-aligned content_.                                                                          |
| [Tall](#tall)         | The second most prominent variant. Tall is more efficient when used for pre-purchase learning pages. _Available for left-aligned content_.                                                                                       |
| [Medium](#medium)     | Closely related to Tall, this variant can be used for the pre-purchase and post-purchase stage in the user journey. It captures attention while allowing a more content in the lead space. _Available for left-aligned content_. |

> | [Short](#short)       | This is is the most efficient variant. It is mostly used in purchase stage experiences, such as product pricing pages, where users are more focused on the product or service details. _Available for left-aligned content_.     |

Author: I updated it to be a little clearer (used "streamlined")

<Row>

<Column colMd={6} colLg={6}>

![A lead space with the heading "A new data-driven architecture" with "data-driven" highlighted in blue](../../images/component/lead-space/lead-space-modifier-heading-highlight-01.png)

<Caption>
  An example of a word highlighted near the center of the heading
</Caption>

</Column>

<Column colMd={6} colLg={6}>

![A lead space with the heading "IBM Security Framing & Discovery Workshop" with "IBM Security" highlighted in blue](../../images/component/lead-space/lead-space-modifier-heading-highlight-02.png)

<Caption>An example of a word highlighted at the start of the heading</Caption>

</Column>

</Row>

### Wayfinding

All lead space variants have the option to include wayfinding elements – either breadcrumbs or tag links – to provide feedback on where the user is in the experience.

#### Breadcrumbs

> [Breadcrumbs](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/breadcrumb/usage/) can be added above the lead space heading, replacing the Tag group to cover a wider range of needs and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Breadcrumbs](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/breadcrumb/usage/) can be added above the lead space heading, replacing the tag group to cover a wider range of needs and
```

navigational purposes. Breadcrumbs work well when navigation has a clear, linear hierarchy.

<Row>

<Column colMd={6} colLg={6}>

![A lead space a breadcrumb with "Sustainability" and "Supply chain as labels](../../images/component/lead-space/lead-space-modifier-wayfinding-01.png)

<Caption>
  An example of a lead space with breadcrumbs. Breadcrumbs are useful when there
  is clear, linear hierarchy.
</Caption>

</Column>

</Row>

> #### Tag links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Tags
```

> A collection of [Tag links](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/tag-link) can be added to the lead space, and always appear above the headline to establish context. Tag links are not interactive, and instead provide more context to the lead space by indicating architecture. Tag links work well in cases where the navigation does not have a clear, linear hierarchy. We recommend using more than one Tag link to represent a polyhierarchical structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A collection of [Tags](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/tags) can be added to the lead space, and always appear above the headline to establish context. Tags are not interactive, and instead provide more context to the lead space by categorizing or "tagging" content. Tags work well in cases where the navigation does not have a clear, linear hierarchy. We recommend using more than one tag to represent a polyhierarchical structure.
```

<Row>

<Column colMd={6} colLg={6}>

![A lead space with two tag links above the heading, displaying "AI & machine learning" and "DevOps" respectively](../../images/component/lead-space/lead-space-modifier-wayfinding-02.png)

<Caption>

>   An example of a lead space with tag links. Tag links are useful when the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An example of a lead space with tags. Tags are useful when the
```

  hierarchy can be split among multiple categories.
</Caption>

</Column>

</Row>

## Behaviors

> On small breakpoint (320px), the background image or video switches to an inline image and is positioned last, after the button

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is worded any better than what you had, but it seemed like we could separate the two sentences. It's a weird thing to communicate and it's late 🙃

<Caption>
  A lead space in a desktop breakpoint with the background media behind the rest
  of the lead space content.
</Caption>

</Column>

<Column colMd={4} colLg={4}>

![Lead space variants](../../images/component/lead-space/lead-space-behavior-02.png)

<Caption>
  A lead space in the mobile breakpoint with the background media below the rest
  of the lead space content.
</Caption>

</Column>

</Row>

<ResourceLinks name="Lead space" type="layout" />

## Content guidance

| Element                                                                         | Content type                                                                                                                       | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Wayfinding                                                                      | Option list                                                                                                                        | No       | 1         | –                                           | Breadcrumbs or Tag group.                                             |

Reviewer: Suggestion: for the "Wayfinding" instead of _Options list_ I think:
- _Component_ paired with _Breadcrumbs or Tags_ in the notes like you have 
- or
- _Breadcrumbs or Tags_ paired with a " – " in notes similar to how background media is formatted
